RHIDP-7455: Adding ArgoCD and Quay permissions (#1171)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/authorization/ref-rbac-permission-policies.adoc

|
|`use`
|Allows a user or role to access the proxy endpoint, allowing the user or role to read pod logs and events within {product-very-short}
|===

ArgoCD permissions::

.ArgoCD permissions
[cols="15%,25%,15%,45%", frame="all", options="header"]
|===
|Name
|Resource type
|Policy
|Description

|`argocd.view.read`
|
|`read`

> |Allows a user to view the ArgoCD plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Allows a user to read from the ArgoCD plugin
```

|===

Quay permissions::

.Quay permissions
[cols="15%,25%,15%,45%", frame="all", options="header"]
|===
|Name
|Resource type
|Policy
|Description

|`quay.view.read`
|
|`read`

> |Allows a user to view the Quay plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Allows a user to read from the Quay plugin
```
